[0.39 release] Deprecate supports tags in common-definition 0.20.x (#6831)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

### absolutePath use in IFluidHandle is deprecated
Rather than retrieving the absolute path, ostensibly to be stored, one should instead store the handle itself. To load, first retrieve the handle and then call `get` on it to get the actual object. Note that it is assumed that the container is responsible both for mapping an external URI to an internal object and for requesting resolved objects with any remaining tail of the external URI. For example, if a container has some map that maps `/a --> <some handle>`, then a request like `request(/a/b/c)` should flow like `request(/a/b/c) --> <some handle> --> <object> -->  request(/b/c)`.

### ITelemetryBaseLogger.send signature change
**A breaking change was made in @fluid-framework/common-definitions 0.20.1, compared to the initial 0.39 release**

> The signature of `ITelemetryBaseLogger.send` changed to a more inclusive type which needs to be accounted for in implementations.

Author: ```suggestion
The type of the `event` parameter of `ITelemetryBaseLogger.send` changed to a more inclusive type which needs to be accounted for in implementations.
```

However, in 0.39, _no tagged events are sent to any ITelemetryBaseLogger by the Fluid Framework_, so tags can initially be ignored.

> See [UPCOMING.md in main](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/be4f26d0ba9de18a69fa9d71a0cf8dc3e15e0452/UPCOMING.md) for

Author: I'll update this commit hash once #6830 goes in

> See [UPCOMING.md in main](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/be4f26d0ba9de18a69fa9d71a0cf8dc3e15e0452/UPCOMING.md) for

Author: ```suggestion
See [UPCOMING.md in main](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/4a5920457a1d867f3071a13bfd5a5fa8c2025ca9/UPCOMING.md) for
```
